base/Lists.md, before:

Lists
=============================

*   Bird

*   Magic

*   Love

-----------------------------

1. First item
1. Second item
1. Third item
1. Fourth item

-----------------------------

10. First item
1. Second item
1. Third item
1. Fourth item

-----------------------------

1. First item
1. Second item
    1. Indented item
    1. Indented item
    1. Indented item
1. Third item

-----------------------------

1. First item
1. Second item
    - Indented item
    - Indented item
    - Indented item
1. Third item

-----------------------------

1. First item
1. Second item
    - Indented item
    - Indented item
    - Indented item
        1. Indented item
        1. Indented item
        1. Indented item
    - Indented item
    - Indented item
    - Indented item
1. Third item

-----------------------------

- First item (-)
- Second item
- Third item

-----------------------------

* First item (+)
* Second item
* Third item

-----------------------------

+ First item (*)
+ Second item
+ Third item

-----------------------------

- First item (-)
+ Second item (+)
* Third item (*)

-----------------------------

- First item
- Second item
- Third item
    - Indented item
    - Indented item
    - Indented item
- Fourth item

-----------------------------

- First item
- Second item
- Third item
    1. Indented item
    1. Indented item
    1. Indented item
- Fourth item

-----------------------------

- First item
- Second item
- Third item
    1. Indented item
    1. Indented item
    1. Indented item
        - Indented item
        - Indented item
        - Indented item
    1. Indented item
    1. Indented item
    1. Indented item
- Fourth item

-----------------------------

With indent after the second item:

1. This is the first list item.
1. Here's the second list item.
    
    I need to add another paragraph below the second list item.
    I need to add another paragraph below the second list item.
    
1. And here's the third list item.


Without indent after the second item:

1. This is the first list item.
1. Here's the second list item.

    I need to add another paragraph below the second list item.
    I need to add another paragraph below the second list item.

1. And here's the third list item.

-----------------------------

With indent after the second item:

1. This is the first list item.
1. Here's the second list item.
    
    > A blockquote would look great below the second list item.
    > A blockquote would look great below the second list item.
    
1. And here's the third list item.

Without indent after the second item:

1. This is the first list item.
1. Here's the second list item.

    > A blockquote would look great below the second list item.
    > A blockquote would look great below the second list item.

1. And here's the third list item.

-----------------------------

With indent after the second item:

1. This is the first list item.
1. Here's the second list item.
    
        I need to add a code block below the second list item.
        I need to add a code block below the second list item.
    
1. And here's the third list item.

Without indent after the second item:

1. This is the first list item.
1. Here's the second list item.

        I need to add a code block below the second list item.
        I need to add a code block below the second list item.

1. And here's the third list item.

-----------------------------

With indent after the second item:

1. This is the first list item.
1. Here's the second list item.
    
    ```code
    I need to add a code block below the second list item.
    I need to add a code block below the second list item.
    ```
    
1. And here's the third list item.

Without indent after the second item:

1. This is the first list item.
1. Here's the second list item.

    ```code
    I need to add a code block below the second list item.
    I need to add a code block below the second list item.
    ```

1. And here's the third list item.

-----------------------------

With indent after the second item:

1. This is the first list item.
1. Here's the second list item.
    
    ![Tux, the Linux mascot](https://mdg.imgix.net/assets/images/tux.png)
    
1. And here's the third list item.


Without indent after the second item:

1. This is the first list item.
1. Here's the second list item.

    ![Tux, the Linux mascot](https://mdg.imgix.net/assets/images/tux.png)

1. And here's the third list item.

-----------------------------

Sources:

* https://www.markdownguide.org/basic-syntax/
* https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/markdown/lists

Commit message:

Fix link and image parsing
Also add test of images with links

base/Lists.md, after:

Lists
=============================

*   Bird

*   Magic

*   Love

-----------------------------

1. First item
1. Second item
1. Third item
1. Fourth item

-----------------------------

10. First item
1. Second item
1. Third item
1. Fourth item

-----------------------------

1. First item
1. Second item
    1. Indented item
    1. Indented item
    1. Indented item
1. Third item

-----------------------------

1. First item
1. Second item
    - Indented item
    - Indented item
    - Indented item
1. Third item

-----------------------------

1. First item
1. Second item
    - Indented item
    - Indented item
    - Indented item
        1. Indented item
        1. Indented item
        1. Indented item
    - Indented item
    - Indented item
    - Indented item
1. Third item

-----------------------------

- First item (-)
- Second item
- Third item

-----------------------------

* First item (+)
* Second item
* Third item

-----------------------------

+ First item (*)
+ Second item
+ Third item

-----------------------------

- First item (-)
+ Second item (+)
* Third item (*)

-----------------------------

- First item
- Second item
- Third item
    - Indented item
    - Indented item
    - Indented item
- Fourth item

-----------------------------

- First item
- Second item
- Third item
    1. Indented item
    1. Indented item
    1. Indented item
- Fourth item

-----------------------------

- First item
- Second item
- Third item
    1. Indented item
    1. Indented item
    1. Indented item
        - Indented item
        - Indented item
        - Indented item
    1. Indented item
    1. Indented item
    1. Indented item
- Fourth item

-----------------------------

With indent after the second item:

1. This is the first list item.
1. Here's the second list item.
    
    I need to add another paragraph below the second list item.
    I need to add another paragraph below the second list item.
    
1. And here's the third list item.


Without indent after the second item:

1. This is the first list item.
1. Here's the second list item.

    I need to add another paragraph below the second list item.
    I need to add another paragraph below the second list item.

1. And here's the third list item.

-----------------------------

With indent after the second item:

1. This is the first list item.
1. Here's the second list item.
    
    > A blockquote would look great below the second list item.
    > A blockquote would look great below the second list item.
    
1. And here's the third list item.

Without indent after the second item:

1. This is the first list item.
1. Here's the second list item.

    > A blockquote would look great below the second list item.
    > A blockquote would look great below the second list item.

1. And here's the third list item.

-----------------------------

With indent after the second item:

1. This is the first list item.
1. Here's the second list item.
    
        I need to add a code block below the second list item.
        I need to add a code block below the second list item.
    
1. And here's the third list item.

Without indent after the second item:

1. This is the first list item.
1. Here's the second list item.

        I need to add a code block below the second list item.
        I need to add a code block below the second list item.

1. And here's the third list item.

-----------------------------

With indent after the second item:

1. This is the first list item.
1. Here's the second list item.
    
    ```code
    I need to add a code block below the second list item.
    I need to add a code block below the second list item.
    ```
    
1. And here's the third list item.

Without indent after the second item:

1. This is the first list item.
1. Here's the second list item.

    ```code
    I need to add a code block below the second list item.
    I need to add a code block below the second list item.
    ```

1. And here's the third list item.

-----------------------------

With indent after the second item:

1. This is the first list item.
1. Here's the second list item.
    
    ![Tux, the Linux mascot](https://mdg.imgix.net/assets/images/tux.png)
    
1. And here's the third list item.


Without indent after the second item:

1. This is the first list item.
1. Here's the second list item.

    ![Tux, the Linux mascot](https://mdg.imgix.net/assets/images/tux.png)

1. And here's the third list item.

An image with a clickable link:

[![Tux, the Linux mascot](https://mdg.imgix.net/assets/images/tux.png)](https://kernel.org/)

-----------------------------

Sources:

* https://www.markdownguide.org/basic-syntax/
* https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/markdown/lists
